the orphans are now 11 months old and
are growing quickly they have one year
left until their release one thing all
young Cubs need is exercise to develop
strong muscles in the wild they'll be
walking several kilometres a day in
search of prey most days now they're let
off the lead to stretch their limbs and
follow their noses and today their noses
lead them to water Jaguars are aquatic
animals so Leandro and Ana have built
the Cubs their very own open-air
swimming pool
[Music]
it's a fun part of their training but in
the wild they'll need to stalk and hunt
in rivers to survive
[Music]
the smallest cub Maya seems to have a
special affinity with the water she's
always been the most playful of the
three
[Music]
[Applause]
the orphans are in their element
enjoying the new pool but there's a
serious point to this exercise among
large cats joggers are the one that most
love water they hunt by rivers say hunt
capybaras came on turtles and they are
good divers too and so all this is very
important for the pain look at what
you've done
hey getting worse it's not fair the Cubs
are in no rush to go home and keep
disappearing into the tall grass it's
about time to take them back to their
enclosure but you know he's like waiting
for the kids in the park you know be one
have the last minutes fun playing around
and chasing so we're just waiting for
that moment to end and have them back
[Music]
even when they're out of their enclosure
the Cubs are still deeply attached to
Leandro and honor looking to them for
reassurance after a life of studying
Jaguars from a distance they're enjoying
the close contact but how much longer
can it go on perhaps the biologists have
become too close to the subjects of
their experiment
[Music]